gh-123619: Add an unstable C API function for enabling deferred reference counting (#123635)
python/cpython: Doc/c-api/object.rst

   has the :c:macro:`Py_TPFLAGS_MANAGED_DICT` flag set.

   .. versionadded:: 3.13

> .. c:function:: int PyUnstable_Object_SetDeferredRefcount(PyObject *obj)

Reviewer: Let's rename this to `PyUnstable_Object_EnableDeferredRefcount` per Petr's suggestion.

>    Enable `deferred reference counting <https://peps.python.org/pep-0703/#deferred-reference-counting>`_ on *obj*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Enable `deferred reference counting <https://peps.python.org/pep-0703/#deferred-reference-counting>`_ on *obj*,
   if supported by the runtime.  In the :term:`free-threaded <free threading>` build,
   this allows the interpreter to avoid reference count adjustments to *obj*,
   which may improve multi-threaded performance.  The tradeoff is
   that *obj* will only be deallocated by the tracing garbage collector.

   *obj* must be an object tracked by the garbage collector (see :func:`gc.is_tracked`).
   The function returns ``-1`` with an error if *obj* is not tracked.

   This function is a no-op on builds with the :term:`GIL` enabled, which do
   not support deferred reference counting.

   The function returns ``1`` if deferred reference counting was enabled on *obj*,
   and ``0`` if deferred reference counting is not supported or if the hint was
   ignored by the runtime.
```

   has the :c:macro:`Py_TPFLAGS_MANAGED_DICT` flag set.

   .. versionadded:: 3.13

.. c:function:: int PyUnstable_Object_EnableDeferredRefcount(PyObject *obj)

   Enable `deferred reference counting <https://peps.python.org/pep-0703/#deferred-reference-counting>`_ on *obj*,
   if supported by the runtime.  In the :term:`free-threaded <free threading>` build,
   this allows the interpreter to avoid reference count adjustments to *obj*,
   which may improve multi-threaded performance.  The tradeoff is
   that *obj* will only be deallocated by the tracing garbage collector.

>    This function returns ``1`` if deferred reference counting was enabled on *obj*,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   This function returns ``1`` if deferred reference counting is enabled on *obj*
   (including when it was enabled before the call),
```

   and ``0`` if deferred reference counting is not supported or if the hint was
   ignored by the runtime. This function is thread-safe, and cannot fail.

>    This function is a no-op on builds with the :term:`GIL` enabled, which do
>    not support deferred reference counting. This also no-ops if *obj* is not
>    an object tracked by the garbage collector (see :func:`gc.is_tracked` and

Reviewer 2: I don't think I've ever seen “no-ops” as a verb; would this be easier to read?

```suggestion
   This function does nothing on builds with the :term:`GIL` enabled, which do
   not support deferred reference counting. This also does nothing if *obj* is not
   an object tracked by the garbage collector (see :func:`gc.is_tracked` and
```
(Though I do enjoy no-oping, myself!)

Author: I wish it was a verb, it's fun to say :)

   :c:func:`PyObject_GC_IsTracked`).

>    .. versionadded:: next

Reviewer 2: Maybe we want a note on the intended usage? It's not necessary now that the function can't fail, but perhaps it's still useful.
```suggestion
   This function is intended to be used soon after *obj* is created,
   by the code that creates it.

   .. versionadded:: next
```

Author: Hmm, maybe. That more applies to the internal `_PyObject_SetDeferredRefcount`, but this version is thread safe; users could apply it to any object they want (and they probably will, because it will be the only public way to ease reference count contention, as far as I know).

Edit: OK, upon thinking about this a little more let's go with this.
